The single best piece of equipment that
anyone can own if you want to build
strength, build muscle, and do every
single thing that you want to do is
without a doubt the barbell. I'm not
saying that machines are bad. I'm not
saying dumbbells are bad. I'm not saying
kettle bells are bad. I'm not saying
anything's bad. All I'm saying is the
best is the dumbbell. It's the most
versatile. You can load it the best. And
this episode, I'm going to teach you
about, come and check this out, all of
the different types of barbells that you
can get. See all this stuff? Squat bar,
deadlift bar, powerlifting bar,
weightlifting bar, women's weightlifting
bar. But the reason why I want to teach
you this is because I have ordered a
brand new barbell. I take my lifting
very, very seriously in case you didn't
notice. And as soon as I knew that they
made a new barbell, I had to order
myself one. So, this is the brand new
Leo powerlifting barbell. Um, I think
that if you're not a weightlifter, so if
you're just a gym goer, even if you're
not a powerlifter, I would say that the
powerlifting bar is probably the best
investment you can get if you're setting
up a home gym or whatever it is. The
powerlifting bar is the best one. I was
surprised when Alco made a new one. It's
like fair enough. They make new
equipment. But the original powerlifting
barbell from Alco has kind of it's just
the same one for the last uh more than a
decade. That's for sure. That's how long
ago I bought my first Alco barbell was
over a decade ago. And they've never
changed it up until now. Soon as I saw
they did a new one, I had to get my
hands on one. And you are going to unbox
it with me.
All right. Check this out. This is
slick. You get a brush. All right. Brand
new barbell. This reminds me of when I
was working at a commercial gym and I
got my first purchase. So, obviously, if
you work at a commercial gym, they
already own plenty of barbells, but they
typically don't buy Alco barbells. In my
opinion, Alco are the best. It's what
you see in the World IPF powerlifting
championships is the Alco barbell. And
now, without a doubt, it's going to be
this brand new one, which now has a
yellow that used to be red. Wow. Um,
that's different. And where's the
sticker? No sticker. No way. Oh my
goodness. Maybe it's in a different
location. What the hell? Yeah, this is
Come and check this out. So, it's uh it
says Alco 20 kg IPF competition. Okay,
so that's the comp spec. So, that's the
best powerlifting barbell that you can
get from the Alco catalog. It's um yeah,
nice and new. It's been a while since
I've had my hands on a brand new bar
from Alco. Now, something to know about
these Leco barbells. So, it's also the
first time in a very long time that I've
seen such a clean one. If you have a
look, which I'm going to show you later
on, all of my Leco barbells have
oxidized. And the reason why they've
oxidized is because the powerlifting
barbell don't have any special coating
over the top of it compared to the
weightlifting ones. So, the
weightlifting bars have like a chrome
finish which protects it from oxidizing
or rusting. Um, someone asked me before,
so I may as well explain it. What is
oxidizing? So, imagine you chop an apple
in half and you just sit it there in the
air and it oxidizes. And you can tell
that it's oxidizing because it changes
to a brown color. That's what happens
with these barbells, these powerlifting
barbells. So, right now, what a clean
barbell unused. Now, I'm quite sure that
in a couple of months that's going to be
brown, especially after my cleaner gets
a hold of it. My cleaner doesn't speak
English. She speaks Greek. My wife is
Greek, so when they communicate, they
they know how to speak to each other,
but I don't. And I've told her a number
of times to not wipe my barbells down.
So, she wants the hygiene, of course,
but I want the barbell. Wow. Okay.
Exciting stuff. Now, I'm going to do my
bench press session. Not sure how heavy
I'm going to go today, but this is me
testing it out for the first time. Let's
do it.
Okay.
So, what a weird feeling. I'm being
delicate with the barbell now. It's just
what you get. You know, when you get new
shoes and you don't want to scuff them.
Yeah. This is how I'm being with the
barbell. So, a few things that I've
noticed. There's no sticker here, which
at first I was like, "Ah, you need the
sticker." You know what I mean? But then
the next thing is, come and check this.
Like, these are the stickers that I've
been able to preserve because my gym is
closed to the public. Of course, I have
allowed people to use it during my
seminars and things like that, but this
is a private space. And when I did have
a public space, people would come in and
just pick the stickers off. What's this
one? Now, this one's intact as well.
Yeah. Look, come and zoom in here. Look
at this. You know, people like I've done
it with my daughter. She's just sitting
there and I'm talking to her and she's
just sitting there. I'm like, "What are
you doing?" She's like, "What? It's a
sticker." It's like, "It's not just a
sticker. It's the Elo sticker." Anyhow,
so when I first saw this, I didn't see
the sticker and I wasn't sure what to
think, but I thought, you know what?
That sticker was a nuisance. It was a
nuisance. The next thing that uh I've
realized, so as I mentioned, this was a
red bar. This is a red bar. It's just
the collar is red and the sticker is
red. You know, the weightlifting bar,
that's clean and jerk and snatch is the
blue bar. Blue sticker, blue collar,
blue collar. Uh, and then the the
women's bar is yellow sticker. I know
some people get upset when I say women's
bar. It is. There's a men's category.
There's a women's category. In the men's
category, they use the blue bar. In the
women's category, they use the yellow
bar. And I've got all of them. Now I
said that the new color is yellow, but
actually I was corrected.
It's gold.
Makes sense.
Makes sense. It's the gold bar. Uh so
first touch of the barbell. How did it
feel? Of course, this is uh you know, my
head giving me the placebo effect that
this is a brand new bar. So therefore,
it must be amazing. However, I will say
it did feel amazing. It did feel
amazing. So, what's so amazing about
this bar compared to any of the normal
gym bars? Well, the biggest things are,
okay, so let's talk about powerlifting
bar. So, come and have a look at the
nurling here. The nurling, so that
center nurling, that's for back squats.
So, that's uh some weightlifting bars
don't have that at all. So, CrossFit
bars don't have that because when you do
a high bar back squat or when you do a
cleaner jack and snatch, you don't need
sending nurling. But when you do a high
bar back squat, it doesn't really need
to be grippy. that's meant for like low
bar back squats. Um, the next thing you
consider is yeah, how how thick the
knurling is here. So, this is really
grippy. And that's another reason why
they don't use additional material like
chrome
uh to coat the barbell to protect it
because when you have the chrome on top
of the barbell like you do in the
weightlifting bars. So, so look at this
after like this is years old. It's gone
completely brown, but I can assure you
that that's the same color that it used
to be. Uh, my cleaners washed it. You're
not really supposed to wash it. [snorts]
Um, you know, you can scrub it. Um, I
guess put oil on it. That's how I've
been washing it. Whenever I wash it, I
spray it with oil. Um, and then I scrub
it and then I rub chalk on it to get rid
of the oil. Anyhow, this is the same age
as that, but it's been coated with the
chrome finish. Now, if you have a look
at the difference, well, you can't see
it, but you can feel it. This is a lot
smoother this knurling, which is fine
for weightlifting because you don't lift
as much weight with weightlifting. With
powerlifting, they are gripping onto
they holding on to a much heavier
weight. So, you need the knurling to be
a lot more aggressive. So, that's why
these ones are ched um and the
powerlifting ones are not. It's just
more it's raw steel. Um, the next thing
that's worth [panting and gasps]
understanding is the lines. So, what
I'll do is I'll separate here
so that you can see this is probably the
two best barbells you can have. One's
weightlifting and one's powerlifting.
So, if you have a look at the
powerlifting, the outer rings on the
powerlifting bar, they are closer in
than the outer rings of a weightlifting
bar. Now, some of you may have access to
a gym has both. So, a lot of CrossFit
bars have two lines there.
[snorts] One line, the inner line is for
powerlifting. The outer line is for
weightlifting. So, for weightlifting,
those lines um they're just marking so
that you can use a symmetrical grip
whenever you're doing your movements.
So, that's what the lines are there for.
But in powerlifting, these lines are
there for bench pressing. You are not
allowed to use a wider grip than that
line. So the widest legal grip in bench
press is where you are covering that
line. If you go out of that, that's too
wide. You're not allowed to use that. So
that's the widest legal
uh grip position that you can use for a
bench press. Now, let me explain why. So
this is why I look at powerlifting
rules, and it's really important to
understand powerlifting rules because I
believe that a lot of them are in line
with safety. So check this. When I grab
that bar, look how close my hands are to
the racks. So that's kind of factoring
in if I go wider than that or the people
with giant hands go wider than that with
hundreds of kilograms on the bench press
and they go to reckrack and you get your
finger caught in that uh you can lose a
finger. So that's in line with safety.
So whenever I'm recommending people uh
with how wide should your grip be in a
bench press, I say follow the
powerlifting standards. Don't go wider
than that outer ring. I say outer ring
and a lot of people say outer ring, but
you have to understand outer ring on a
powerlifting bar because if you try and
go outer ring on a weightlifting bar,
you're probably going to hit your hand
on the rack. So, this is where it's
important to understand what bar you're
using when you're performing the bench
press. If you're using a weightlifting
bar to perform a bench press and you're
using those markings,
you could be in trouble. So, don't do
that. Next things, next differences you
can see with a powerlifting bar to a
weightlifting bar.
Wait till the airplane goes past. The
powerlifting bar is slightly thicker.
Okay, so this is 29 ms in diameter. 29
mm in diameter. I'm not sure what that
is. I think it's like 28. Uh I'll check
I'll fact check that in a moment. So
it's slightly thinner. So So what does
that do? The thickness stops it from
whipping. It makes it so it doesn't bend
as much. Um, so the weightlifting bar,
it's a bit of an advantage when you're
doing the high-speed movements like a
clean and jerk and a snatch to have a
little bit of flex in the bar and what
you could call it whip in the bar. Um,
it allows the high-speed movements to
utilize that whip and lift a heavier
weight. But with powerlifting,
powerlifting is not a high-speed sport
like weightlifting is. Squats, bench
presses, and deadlifts, like you can
move it fast for a squat, bench dead,
but it's never really fast. One rep max
lifts, squat, bench, and dead are slow.
And if there's too much whip in the bar
with a heavy heavy weight, slow speed,
it shakes, it whips, and it can be very
unsafe. It can throw you out of
position. So that's why the powerlifting
bar is a little bit thicker. Now, check
this out. This is a 25 kil. So these
both these are both 20 kilogram bars. So
that's the standard. It's called an
Olympic bar. Um, even the powerlifting
bar, they're 20 kg. Now, this is also a
powerlifting bar designed specifically
for squats. Now, some federations like
the IPF, which is what this sticker here
says. It says IPF, do they only use this
bar, squat, bench, and deadlift with
this bar. Other federations have a
specific, they typically use the Elco
bar, but just for benching, for
squatting. Look at the thickness here.
So this is my this is an Australian
company called Goliath and this I
believe is 32 ms thick. So this is 25
kg. It's 5 kg heavier. As you can see
it's longer. The reason why it's longer
is because in most heavyweight uh
squatting divisions, people have very
immobile shoulders. So if you've ever
seen me squat, you'll see that my
shoulder mobility is terrible. And uh
you know I hold the bar from collar to
collar. So I can still hold it there.
But there's people out there like super
heavyweight squatters and powerlifters
that have even worse shoulder mobility
than mine. So they factored that in and
built a wider barbell so that they can
hold onto that barbell. So that's why
it's slightly longer. So a squat bar
slightly longer, but yeah, it's the
thickest of all of the barbells. The
squat bar is the thickest of all of the
barbells. Why? To avoid as much whip or
bar bend as possible. So, I know so my
best squat in competition is 375 kg and
I used a similar bar to this. Um, and I
needed that because when I was using a
lighter bar, I felt the shake. I felt
the whip and it was very offputting for
me. You know, some people like I'm sure
that a lot of the IPF fans out there
have seen Jesus Olivarez squatting. I
think his world record is about 470 kg
using this bar. So that's the
powerlifting bar and that whips.
However, that's what they train on and
you get good at whatever you practice.
So I'm not saying it can't be done. All
I'm saying is that's typically why some
of those competitors have kind of
requested a thicker barbell and and
that's kind of what they made. They made
a thicker barbell for the squats. And I
know I definitely prefer when I'm
squatting heavy. I definitely prefer
this bar. So this is a lot thicker. It
bends a lot less. And it's only used for
squatting. Don't use it for anything
else. Of course, in Strongman, they use
all sorts of uncomfortable barbells. I'm
sure they've done squats. I'm sure
they've done deadlifts with squat bars.
They don't bend. They don't whip. It's
very ugly. Uh the thickness of a barbell
makes it the thicker the barbell, the
further it is away from your body, the
harder it is to lift. It needs to be in
line with your kind of like midfoot. It
needs to be in line with your midfoot.
When the barbell is thicker, it's
further away from your midoot. Next bar,
check this out. This is a deadlift bar.
So this one here is also the company is
Goliath. So that's the Australian
manufacturer. That's what we use in a
lot of the Australian competitions. So
have a look at the difference here. It's
still a powerlifting bar. So they still
have the same nurlings, but it's
irrelevant. Those nurlings are there for
deadlift and squat. The the lines in the
barbell are totally irrelevant. They are
purely there for measuring symmetry. So
you're grabbing the barbell in the right
spot. You're centering it, which is very
important. But if you notice, there is
no centering here. Zero centuring. You
do not need centinurelling because
you're not gripping it on your back. All
you're doing is deadlifting it. Now, if
you have a look at all of these bars,
the deadlift bar is the longest. Well,
it's as long as the squat bar, but it's
also the thinnest,
right? It's also the thinnest. So, I'll
get the exact dimensions and I'll write
it up here in the video. But the reason
why you want the barbell to be thinner,
[snorts] it's a bit of a cheat really,
is because, so in the IPF, it's not.
It's a thicker bar and it doesn't bend
as much. But the deadlift bar, that's
what all the world records were set on.
That's a Texas bar. So this isn't Texas.
I'll show you the Texas bar. I own the
Texas bar, but it's my oldest one. And I
believe
um that the Australian version is
better. So that's the Texas bar. Look at
it. It's It's old and rusty. fine. Still
does the same job. It feels exactly the
same as the Goliath bar, but that's
that's technically the barbell that
Hathaor Bjönson deadlifted 510 kg with.
The barbell that Benedict Magnus
deadlifted 1,15 or 460.5 kg with is the
Texas bar. So that's the standard same
as my Goliath bar. Now those bars thin,
that's the thinnest bar. Why? If you
notice when people lift up a deadlift
bar. I know that whenever I train, I use
a deadlift bar and I use the thick
bumper plates, the more the plates come
out to the end, the more the barbell
bends. The more the barbell bends, the
higher up the barbell is before the
weight comes off the ground. Do you get
it? So, if it's a heavy weight, like
usually it starts bending over 180 kg,
but the more the weight is, the more it
bends. So, you don't have to have a huge
amount of weight on there um for the
barbell to bend. And for those who don't
know, they look at heavy deadliers, it's
like, "Whoa, look how much that barbell
is bending. Look how impressive it is."
And you get all the comments, "If the
bar ain't bending, you're just
pretending."
True,
but the deadlift bar is designed to
bend. And if you've ever if you've never
felt a deadlift bar compared to just
like a standard powerlifting bar, uh
you'll know that it feels very whippy,
bendy. Some people quite strange. Don't
automatically assume that you're going
to lift a heavier weight when you move
to a deadlift bar. However, in my
opinion, once you get used to the
feeling of the whipier bar, it is
absolutely easier to deadlift a heavier
weight with the Texas or with any of the
deadlift bars compared to those Alco
bars. Anyway, so there's my rundown on
the barbells except for one, the women's
weightlifting bar. So, let's compare the
women's bar to the men's bar for the
Olympics. The lines are in the same
location. The men's weightlifting bar is
has a longer collar just to fit more
weight on cuz [sighs]
don't get upset, okay? Men's world
records are heavier than women's world
records. Um, and so far, I don't believe
it's been a problem where anyone's
lifted more than what's needed on these
collars, but anyhow, it is what it is.
But inside the collars, the barbell is
the exact same measurement. The lines
are in the same location, which doesn't
matter in weightlifting. The lines are
only there so that you can measure your
grip symmetry. No center knurling on the
women's weightlifting bar. And it is
objectively thinner. Again, I would say
it's even thinner. I'll get the exact
measurements. I'd say it's slight. It
looks slightly thinner to me than the
deadlift bar. [sighs]
But the reason why the women's barbell
is slightly thinner than the men's
barbell is because of smaller hands.
Women have smaller hands than men. So
therefore, to be able to grip the
barbell, that's what they've created.
Don't know me. I'm not the one that made
the rules, but that's what the rules
are. That's why they've done all that.
So, how's that for a collection of
barbells? Let's just take the This This
is the Texas barbell. I don't want to
double up on any bars. I'm moving this
out. So, this is the gold standard. I
should keep that one in there, but I
actually prefer my Goliath one better.
Look at it. It's cleaner. It's
I think it's nicer quality. Deadlift
bar,
powerlifting bar,
squat bar,
IWF weightlifting bar. So, this is so
all of my So, these ones are all Leico
and these ones are Goliath. Yeah, that's
a nice separation with brands. Alco
barbells, women's weightlifting, men's
weightlifting, and powerlifting, so
gender neutral. Um, these are my Goliath
bars, which are used in Australian
competition. I'm sure in American
competitions, they have different
brands. Um, and that is the original
original Texas barbell. I bought this
barbell over a decade ago. And there's
your crash course on the different
barbells. And I would argue that these
are the best barbells you can own. And
the barbell is the best piece of
equipment that you can own. So if you're
starting a home gym, the first thing you
need to do is get the best barbell and
then it's like, what's one piece of
equipment? What's one piece of
equipment? Is it the barbell? Of course,
you can't just get a barbell that only
weighs 20 kg. So you then need to buy
the plates. So this is weightlifting
bumper plates, which are calibrated
weightlifting bumper plates. A lot of
people say, "Why don't you use
calibrated plates? Whenever I use
those," it's like, "Oh, they are
calibrated. They're just not
powerlifting calibrated plates. So, if
you have a look at the thickness of
these, let's have a look at the blue
plate. Okay. So, if you have a look at
the blue plate compared to I'll just put
it on the same rack. The weightlifting
plate. So, these are both calibrated.
They both weigh 20 kg.
Okay. I'll separate it so that you can
see. Um, that's probably about double
the thickness. Maybe even more.
>> Yeah, more than double the thickness. Uh
reason being weightlifters world record
clean and joke I think it's about 266ish
kg. I know that it used to be 266
but then uh world records taken away. I
believe big lashes up there doing that
but either way much more than that. So
once they start getting over uh 275 kg
which is five reds it's going to be hard
to fit much more weight on there. So,
um, either way, you don't need a huge
amount of room to fit the plates, the
weightlifting plates, these bumper
plates on a weightlifting barbell, but
you do. So, the squat world record, um,
in the IPF is 400, what do they call it?
Olivarez's record is 470 something kg,
even though Optimus Prime did, I
believe, 491 kg, but for some reason,
that's not counted as a world record,
even though he technically did it um in
the IPF. uh and 525 kg from Vladimir
Alhazov. You cannot fit 500 kg of these
plates on any of those bars. And now
let's talk about deadlift 510 kg which
is why at the high levels oh in
powerlifting competition that's what's
used. So most versatile piece of
equipment
barbell of course you need plates. The
next thing you need is the bench and the
squat rack to sit it on. And this is my
combo rack. I'm going to put it together
in a moment. I'm going to finish my
bench press session and I'm going to put
together the combo rack so that you guys
have the complete setup uh for a home
gym. All right.
>> I was going to ask you.
>> Yeah. Ask me a question.
>> What is that red plate?
>> Ah, yeah. If you notice, this is the odd
one out. So, this is all a leaker. All
my plates here are leo except for this
one rogue one. Check this out. This
one's got some writing on it. It says to
my good friend and coach Sebastian Arab,
thank you for all the help and support.
Halfthor Bjönson #5001.
How's that for a trophy? So, this is um
the greatest gift that I've received,
you know, from from people apart from my
daughters and all that stuff. But yeah,
what a gift. So, he comes to me. I went
to his house, you know, was in Iceland
when we're training. He's I've got a
gift for you. And we pulled the camera
out. It's one of my pinned posts on my
Instagram page. you see him give it to
me. He said, "I got a gift for you." He
said, "It's not like something
expensive, so it's not I'm not a, you
know, billionaire or anything. It's just
something that maybe you'll like." And
I'm thinking, "Okay, what is it?" And he
pulled that out. It's like, "Damn, that
is a sick present."
>> How did you bring it back?
>> Uh, he sent it to me. So, I went it came
back normally and then he sent it via
the mail. Um, but yeah, that's uh that's
the same thing. So, that's the Rogue
plates. So, that's the Rogue version of
the Elco. Very much the same thing. They
are both calibrated. They both weigh
exactly what they say they weigh
[sighs]
and that's what's used at the highest
level. Rogue, I believe, made in
America. Alco made in Sweden. Okay, back
to benching. That's only 60 kg.
I'm going to go up 20 kg jumps anyway.
So, technically,
I don't really have to warm up to bench
press 80.
I can do that cold. So, I'm not quite
that cold,
but my shoulder mobility is letting me
down. So, I've noticed it from that
view. Actually, from your view is what I
do is
Not sure if I did it there, but I tried
not to. But what's happening is my
[sighs]
[panting]
shoulder mobility, like I can't hold a
barbell back here. So to get the bar on
my chest, you need to be able to keep
the chest up high and not let this
happen. So I noticed it from one of
those videos that as I'm touching my
chest, my shoulders are hitting here.
And I think that could be one of the
reasons that's one of the things that's
accumulating to my shoulder pain and my
shoulder tightness. So, I'm too tight to
do it properly. Because of that, I'm
ruining my technique and I'm
accumulating more and more reps with
this position and that's further
damaging my shoulder health. So, I never
noticed it until I saw the videos from
back there. Uh, that that's what I teach
people not to do. You've got to keep the
shoulders back and down and keep the
chest up high. Do not let this happen.
So this is anterior hummeral glide. This
is where ball and socket. That's where
the head of the humorris shifts forward.
So anteriorly glides anteriorly from the
socket.
That's not the position. That's the
position from start to finish. So that's
what I've got to try and maintain. We'll
see.
Okay.
lovely. Thank you.
That barbell feels nice, man. So, what I
was saying was, I wonder if I had my had
a blindfold on and you had me test the
difference between this bar and the
other one, would I notice a difference?
The answer is the Nurling does feel
newer here for sure. Um, but I think
that's as far as it goes. I mean, the
old Leo bars were the best in the world.
So, it's like you're comparing a new
version to the old version.
[sighs and gasps]
they would have done a pretty bad job of
the last one if you could improve it by
a large amount, you know. So, I don't
think it's um that different. I just
think uh it's newer and it's nicer and I
like nice new things. Who doesn't? And
it's been it's been
those barbells. Um I got them actually
we we flatted here so they're five some
of them are 5 years old. Yeah. So 5
years old. That's the newest barbell
that I've been using. Um, and that's not
old. Like these barbells are designed to
last. But yeah, I feel
Yeah, I feel a difference. So, check
this out. So, these are the things that
I used to be like where this rests.
So, this is what Alco does. They have um
they have warranties. So, if your
barbell bends while you're using all of
the Alco equipment, um they would
exchange it cuz it's not meant to do
that. Um, but this isn't the Alco
equipment. So therefore, I won't be able
to refund it if I had a problem with it
if it bent or anything like that. But,
um, I'm now very different. So, this is
my competition bench press. That's what
I use. So, I've kind of leared to get
all over all of that. I used to fully
comply. Come over here. So, this is the
Alco racks. So, this is the combo rack.
Um, these are the grooves. So, this was
designed to not destroy any of the
nurling. So, this is plastic and they
roll so that when you put the bar on
here, it doesn't grind away at the
knurling. So, when you have a look at
all of these [snorts] barbells, uh,
right on the edges where they sit on on
the racks, all of the knurling has worn
away. Whatever. It's not as if I need
grip there.
But [sighs]
[panting]
yeah, you just got to break it in. You
know what I mean? you have a barbell so
you can use it and put metal on it and
all of that stuff, not so you can um,
you know, keep it brand new for its
entirety, for its lifespan.
Okay, next set. Um, yeah, I'm just going
to do 160 kg.
Um, not sure how many reps. I'll see.
I'll see. Give me a couple of minutes
rest. All right. Come on. Wrap me,
brother.
Let's go.
[sighs]
Yeah, man.
I'm happy with that. Maybe it's the new
barbell.
So,
[sighs and gasps] the most I've done on
that weight for a while is 11 reps. I'm
certain I had 11. [panting]
And the reason I'm happy about it is my
training has been kind of like pulled
back a lot, a lot of work. And I've just
been really maintaining,
lost a little bit of weight.
[sighs and gasps]
So, for me to be able to do that, I'm
very happy. [sighs]
[gasps] I'm very happy. Um, and I don't
deserve to be that strong. So,
therefore, I blame it all on the brand
new barbell. Yeah, if it weren't for the
barbell, maybe I'd have had three reps
or something like that. No, just
kidding. Anyway, there's my uh barbell
review for you. I hope you enjoyed that.
I'm going to continue my session. This
isn't about my session. This is about
barbells. So that's why I'm not going to
go into more detail about this, but I
hope you enjoyed that product review. My
favorite barbell. So I've I'm not
sponsored by any of these companies. So
I've got multiple. I've got Texas, I've
got Goliath, and I've got a Leo. For the
standard, if I was to choose one
barbell, and I wasn't allowed to use any
other barbell in the world, uh this is
what it would be. The Leco IPF Spec
Competition barbell is the best barbell
in the world. Hope you enjoyed that
session. Leave a comment. If you
disagree with me, write it in the
comment section. Uh that's fine. We're
allowed to have different opinions. And
if you want more product reviews, look
at the stuff that I can review. I've got
dumbbells. I've got machines. I've got a
whole gym that I can show you guys if
that's something of interest to you. But
I hope you enjoyed this one. Speak to
Yasim.